<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_p43_tmp_kx">
  <title>Indexing the database</title>
  <body>
    <p>To index or re-index the database open the "Database Manager" by clicking Preferences / Open
      Database Manager in the Menu bar. The "Database Manager" window will open automatically each
      time you start BTS, if there are any errors in the index. </p>
    <p>The "Database manager" window displays all available database collections in a list. The
      number of documents per collection is shown in the column "DB Doc Count". </p>
    <p><b>Indexing</b></p>
    <p>Indexing is a process which enables the search function in the database; the query is not
      done in the database itself (which would take time) but in the document indexes. The status of
      a corpus' indexing process is indicated by the background colour of its line in the "Database
      Manager". Each line can have one of three background colours. Green means that everything is
      indexed properly. Yellow and red indicate that a problem has occurred in this corpus;
      additionally, the status of the corpus will be displayed in the "Status" column (OK- green,
      ERROR- red or INDEXING...- yellow). The column "Index Doc Count" shows the number of the
      already indexed documents in this corpus, and the "% indexed" column shows the percentage
      level of completion of the indexing process.</p>
    <p><b>Re-Indexing</b></p>
    <p>BTS indexes the databases automatically when it receives new data from the server, but
      sometimes this process produces errors and requires manual re-indexing, causing the "Database
      Manager" to open.</p>
    <p>Databases that are not indexed successfully are marked either in yellow or red. If indexing
      was not successful for some corpora then you need to re-index them (see below options). This
      process may take a while, and the more databases you have to re-index the longer it will take.
      Sometimes re-indexing a database can take a few attempts, keep re-indexing until the colour
      changes to green. During this process you will not be able to use BTS.</p>
    <p>Re-indexing has three options: </p>
    <p>- Re-index all</p>
    <p>- Re-index all non-OK (only re-indexes those collections with errors)</p>
    <p>- Re-index individual DB collection </p>
    <p>To re-index individual collections, select them by left-clicking, scroll to the right of the
      table, and click on "Re-index" in the rightmost column.</p>
    <p><b>Close</b></p>
    <p>Close the "Database Manager" window by clicking the "Close" button in the lower right corner. </p>
    <p/>
    <p>NOTE: We recommend re-indexing all databases that are either marked red or yellow, but
      especially the databases, word lists, and theasauri you will be working with.</p>
    <p>NOTE: The items "_recplicator" and "_uses" cannot be indexed and are always marked in red.
      You do not have to re-index these items.</p>
    <p>NOTE: Indexing and re-indexing is specific to the BTS on your computer and not to your
      account, meaning that if someone already indexed the database before you, when you login, the
      "Database Manager" is unlikely to open automatically with an error.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
