<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_bd2_jwj_qr">
 <title>1. Transliteration</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>To enter or edit the transliteration of your texts, click in the "Transliteration" tab of the
        <xref href="oberflaeche_texteditor_e10.dita">Text Editor</xref> in the upper centre of the
      Text Corpus view. It is possible to enter the complete transliteration of a text at once out
      of an external source (e.g. a MS Word document) by copy&amp;paste, if one follows all the
      rules of BTS grammar. The transliteration used in MS Word should be the unicodefont
      BBAW-Libertine.</p>
  <p>Transliteration follows the BTS <xref href="howto_grammar_rules_e5.dita">grammar
      rules</xref>. </p>
    <p><b>The most important rules are the following</b></p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_wh1_bxw_ns">
        <li>The text has to be sequenced in sentences according to the Egyptian syntax. Start and
          end each sentence with the sentence marker "§".</li>
        <li>Use the "space" key only between two words or extratextual information, not after typing
          a sentence marker "§" or after opening brackets.<p>NOTE: Sentence boundaries can always be
            modified later, but the translation of the modified sentences will be lost.</p></li>
        <li>Brackets come in pairs. You have to close every bracket you have opened. Usually the
          system will do this automatically, but there are cases where that does not work. Pressing
          "CTRL+Spacebar" will show the markers that are allowed at the position of the cursor. For
          recurring elements you also can define a template in the <xref
            href="oberflaeche_preferences2.dita#concept_trz_tw2_yr">Preferences</xref>.<p>NOTE:
            Brackets have to be closed with each token (word), i.e. [jw] [nfr] (not: [jw
            nfr]).</p><p>NOTE: Some combinations of round brackets and doubble round brackets result
            in errors. For example ((n(,j))) is not valid in the BTS grammar. In such a case use the
            dummy sign "⁝⁝": ((n(,j)⁝⁝)).</p></li>
        <li>The dual and plural endings are transcribed with ".w" or ".wj/.tj" when written
          phonetically. When marked graphically, they are transcribed with ".pl" or ".du". When the
          plural and dual endings are written both phonetically and graphically they are transcribed
          with both options: ".w.pl" or ".wj/.tj.du".</li>
        <li>Ambiguities are entered as: "%case 1: rd.du| case 2: war,t.du%". Be careful not to type
          a space in front of the vertical stroke. You can input as many cases as you need.</li>
        <li>It is not allowed to leave out an ending ("nb."), to write two full stops ("nb.."), to
          close brackets before you open them ("n]b[") or to interlace different kinds of brackets
          wrongly ("{n[b}]").</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p><b>Using Templates</b></p>
    <p>It is possible to use templates in order to speed up the transliteration process. Note that
      you can create your own templates (<xref
        href="oberflaeche_preferences2.dita#concept_trz_tw2_yr">Preferences</xref>). You can access
      the templates by right-clicking in Text Editor and choosing "Content Assist" or by pressing
      "CRTL+Spacebar". Depending on the position of the cursor (within a sentence / word or outside
      the sentence marked by §§) you will get a different set of templates to choose from. This can
      be influenced by changing the "Context" of your templates (see <xref
        href="oberflaeche_preferences2.dita#concept_trz_tw2_yr">Preferences</xref>).</p>
    <p><b>Adding Extra-textual Information</b></p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_ugx_ryw_ns">
        <li>Line counts are introduced by #lc: and end with <b>#</b>. The numbers are written in
          square brackets. E.g.: Line 1 = #lc: [1]#</li>
        <li>#para: ---# can be used to align multiple versions of a text, as a kind of milestone.
          E.g.: CT VI 106a = #para: CT VI 106a#<p>NOTE: It is not allowed to use colon between "#"
            more than once.</p><p>NOTE: It is not allowed to use colon directly after or directly
            before "#".</p></li>
        <li>A destruction is indicated by two hyphens <b>--...--</b>. E.g.: --rest of line
          destroyed--, --3Q-- (destruction of 3 scriptorial squares).<p>NOTE: It is not allowed to
            use the hyphen within the destruction marker.</p></li>
        <li>If the number of words missing can precisely be determined (e.g. if the words are
          completely lost, but with the determinatives preserved), use underscores in brackets
          "[___]". E.g.: "[___] [___]" for 2 missing words.</li>
        <li>All other descriptive information is to be put between "#": E.g.: #in front of the first
          person looking left#; #3Q are left empty#.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p><b>Transliteration conventions</b></p>
    <p>See <xref href="grammar_transcribing_rules.dita#concept_ops_zgb_lt">Grammar Rules</xref>
      for detailed information.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
