<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_k3c_35y_qt">
  <title>Editing a text</title>
  <body>
    <p>The process of editing a text begins with entering the transliteration in the Text Editor
      Transliteration field. Make sure you have the right keyboard and font (see <xref
        href="intro_install_keyboard.dita">install and configure the keyboard</xref>) provided by
      the BBAW. </p>
    <p>Once you have transliterated your text, you can then start lemmatizing each word of your
      transliterated text, which is one of the most important functions of BTS. Lemmatization is a
      lexical annotation of each word (regardless of its inflected forms). In a semi-automatic
      process each word is linked with a lemma entry in the integrated lemma list and therefore
      receives all of the lexical properties of that lemma entry, e.g. POS-label, base
      translation(s), bibliographical references etc. Inflected forms of the lemma, as they appear
      in your text, can be added by assigning <xref
        href="grammar_inflection.dita#concept_zjw_dsx_nt">inflection codes</xref>.</p>
    <p>Furthermore, during the editing process you can enter a translation (in either German [de],
      English [en], French [fr], Spanish [es], Italian [it], Arabic [ar], or Russian [ru]) and
      hieroglyphic writings of each text word. You are also able to mark rubra and to add comments
      to the transliteration.</p>
    <p>NOTE: The following order is not compulsory, except you can only enter translation,
      lemmatization, annotations, and hieroglyphs once you have typed the transliteration.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
