<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_sdt_t4g_mr">
  <title>Install BTS</title>
  <conbody>
    <p><b>Preparing the installation</b></p>
    <p>Extract the BTS program package you received into the directory of your choice. The package
      should contain the following: </p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_uxc_4nc_lx">
        <li>The BTS-folder, containing system data, including the installer (bts.exe) and the manual
          (.pdf file)</li>
        <li>Keyman keyboard layout file (aaew.kmx)</li>
        <li>BBAW Libertine font (BBAWLibertine_ah.ttf) </li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p> NOTE: We recommend creating and using the "standard" directory on "C" drive: "c:\bts". </p>
    <p><b>Installing BTS</b></p>
    <p>Double-click "bts.exe" and the "BTS Installation Wizard" will start. Fill out the required
      fields in the following windows: </p>
    <p>
      <ol id="ol_vlk_qsj_2s">
        <li><b>Database Installation Settings</b><p>
            <ul id="ul_y51_mtj_2s">
              <li><i>Database Installation Directory</i>: a standard location is automatically
                entered here referring to: "c:\bts\dbdir". If you have extracted your BTS program
                package into another directory, change the path to "<i>your
                directory</i>\bts\dbdir".</li>
              <li><i>Http Port of your CouchDB on Localhost</i>: the default port number is
                  <b>9089</b>.</li>
            </ul>
          </p></li>
        <li><b>Welcome to the Berlin Text System Installation</b><p>
            <ul id="ul_x14_b5j_2s">
              <li><i>Do you have a BTS Server URL?</i>: Click "Yes" if you want your data to be
                shared and synchronized with the BTS server. Click "No" if you don't have access to
                the BTS server and are going to work in the "standalone" (offline) mode. The button
                "Next" will be activated once you select an option. <p>NOTE: The software is not yet
                  ready to work without a BTS Server URL. Please always select "Yes" because the
                  server-link is necessary for downloading the word list and other data from the
                  server.</p></li>
            </ul>
          </p></li>
        <li><b>Server Connection</b><p>
            <ul id="ul_srb_d5j_2s">
              <li><i>Server URL</i>: Enter the URL of the server that you have access to. The
                standard BTS server address (including the port number) is:
                  http://aaew64.bbaw.de:<b>9589</b>.</li>
              <li><i>Your User Name</i>: Enter the user name you received from the BTS team. </li>
              <li><i>Your Password for Authentication</i>: Enter the password you received from the
                BTS team.<p>After entering the information required, click "Connect to server". In
                  the upper part of a window message "The connection you have entered is OK" will
                  appear. Note that the button "Finish" is only activated if the connection was
                  successful. </p></li>
            </ul>
          </p></li>
        <li><b>Select Projects to Load</b><p>
            <ul id="ul_b1c_g5j_2s">
              <li><i>Select your main working project</i>: The default option is "Altägyptisches
                Wörterbuch BBAW"; another option is "Demotic".</li>
              <li><i>Further projects from which you want to load and read data</i>: Select a
                project from "Available Projects" (lefthand box) and click "Add" to add it to your
                system. The project should then appear in the righthand box. </li>
            </ul>
          </p></li>
        <li><b>Finish Installation of BTS</b><p>Click "Finish" to finalize the installation. After
            the installation the program will automatically start and the "Database Manager" window
            will open. If Windows-firewall (or any other firewall) asks you to grant "bts.exe"
            access to the system, allow it.</p><p>NOTE: Although the "Database Manager" window
            automatically opens after the installation is finished, BTS is still importing the data
            from the server. This process will usually take about 20 minutes and is not visible to
            the user; it might take longer depending on your system. There is also no notification
            once the process is completed. Close the "Database manager" window and reopen it after
            approximately 20 minutes. As soon as the "aaew_wlist" displays the number of c. 49.500
            in the "DB Doc Count" column, the process is complete. </p><p>NOTE: Sometimes the
            automatic login does not work after the installation and restart. As the result "No user
            logged in" and "No role" will be initially displayed in the BTS toolbar. In this case,
            start the program again. A small window will appear, where you have to login with your
            user name and password. You can activate "Remember me" option so that in the future BTS
            will automatically log you in. You can change and deactivate this function in the <xref
              href="ui_berlintextsystem.dita">Preferences</xref>.</p></li>
        <li><b>Index data</b><p>Last but not least, all data imported from the server must be
            indexed. Indexing enables the search function, as the query is not done in the database
            (which would take time) but in the document indexes instead.</p>In the upper left corner
          of the "Database manager" window click on "Re-index all". The indexing process will start
          and may take up to 20 minutes. If indexing has been completed correctly, the corpus color
          will change from red to green. Databases that are not indexed successfully are marked
          either in yellow or red. If indexing was not successful for some corpora re-index them by
          clicking on the button "Re-index all non-OK". <p>NOTE: To work with BTS the databases
            should be indexed correctly. Therefore, always re-index those databases which are marked
            either yellow or red.</p><p>NOTE: The items "_recplicator" and "_uses" cannot be indexed
            and always are marked in red. You do not have to re-index these items.</p></li>
      </ol>
    </p>
  </conbody>
</concept>
