<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_ohd_sq5_fs">
 <title>Update / Uninstall BTS</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>
   <ol id="ol_vhy_cr5_fs">
    <li><u>Update BTS</u><p>BTS automatically checks for updates every time you start the
      application. In case an update is found, you will be offered a choice to install it or to
      postpone it. The update can be installed via program user interface of BTS as well. In order
      to do so click "Help / Update Application" in the top menu bar.</p></li>
    <li><u>Uninstall BTS</u><p>BTS is not listed in the "Control Panel / Programs / Programs and
      Features" section of your operating system. Thus it is not possible to uninstall it in the
      regular way. To uninstall the application, close the program window and delete all files from
      the installation folder. </p><p>NOTE: You might have to restart your system before deleting
      the folder. The reason for this is that the DB services of the program might be still running
      in background after closing the application and therefore might block the deletion.
      </p><p>NOTE: Using "Help / Uninstall software" entry in the upper menu bar of BTS will not
      uninstall the application completely. It only uninstalls individual components, and sometimes
      this may not be possible because Database service was started and is still running. You will
      have to close the program window and delete the files again. </p></li>
   </ol>
  </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
