<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_zy3_tm5_kr">
  <title>Installing and configuring the keyboard</title>
  <body>
    <p>To typing egyptological transliteration in the BTS you need to install and configur the
      relevant keyboard. Proceed with the following steps:</p>
    <p>
      <ol id="ol_ahc_4gy_qt">
        <li><u>Install Tavultesoft Keyman Desktop</u>
          <p>Keyman Desktop is a free software of Tavultsoft which manages the keyboard. To download
            it go to <xref href="http://keyman.com/desktop/download.php" format="html"
              scope="external">http://keyman.com/desktop/download.php</xref>, scroll down to
            "Download Keyman Desktop 9.0 without any keyboards" and click "Download now". Follow the
            instructions on the screen for the correct Installation of the program.</p></li>
        <li><u>Install "BBAW Libertine" Font</u><p>BTS works with "BBAW Libertine" font. For the in
            the BTS no installation is necessary. It has only to be installed into your system, if
            you want to use it in other programs like Word etc. For this, right-click the
            "BBAWLibertine_ah.ttf" you received with the program package and select "install". Check
            if the font has been installed in C:\Windows\Fonts.</p></li>
        <li><u>Install the AAeW Keyboard</u><p>Now the AAeW Keyboard can be installed in Keyman
            Desktop. This keyboard layout includes all necessary characters, including brackets,
            verse points and cartouches. </p><p>In the task bar click "Tavultesoft Keyman Desktop"
            icon and select "Configuration". Click "Install keyboard..." and select file "aaew.kmx"
            available in your program package. Click "OK" to finish the installation. </p><p>NOTE:
            The "Onscreen Keyboard" function is not available yet. See <xref
              href="intro_keyboard.dita#topic_fpq_k2y_js">Keyboard layout</xref> section of this
            manual for the position of the characters.</p></li>
        <li><u>AAeW Keyboard characters</u>
          <p>(see "Keyboard layout" on the next page)</p><p>To switch to the AAeW Keyboard press
              <b>CTRL + Shift</b> (Win 7) or <b>Windows Key + Spacebar </b>(Win 8).</p><p>The lower
            left characters are entered by simply pressing the key. </p><p>The upper characters are
            entered by pressing <b>Shift + Key</b>. </p><p>The lower right characters are entered by
            pressing <b>Ctrl + Alt + Key</b>. Ex.: "Ctrl" + "Alt" + "8" = "["</p><p>Characters such
            as "ẖ" are generated by "deadkeys". You type them in by combining the elements "_" and
            "h" respectively. For example to type "ẖ" press the deadkey (always first) for "_" and
            then "h".</p><p>NOTE: Keyboard only works for characters necessary in the egyptological
            transliteration, which for example uses "h with dot" (ḥ) but not "s with dot" (ṣ). This
            means that the deadkey "dot below the character" only works with "h", "k", "t" and "č"
            but not with "s" (for ṣ) or with "d" (for ḍ). Further not all characters are allowed in
            all parts of the BTS. In particular the translitaration system established by Wolfang
            Schenkel is not allowed in the Transliteration Editor, but only in comments,
            bibliography etc.</p><p>NOTE: As Keyman Desktop is a separate software you have to start
            this software prior to use the layout in BTS. We recommand to incorporate it in the
            Windows Autostart function.</p></li>
      </ol>
    </p>
  </body>
</topic>
