<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_gjc_4r5_fs">
 <title>Initial configuration of BTS</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>BTS installer currently does not create BTS entries in the windows "Start" menu or on the
   desktop. You can manually create a file shortcut of the "bts.exe" file and drag-and-drop it into
   the start menu and onto the desktop. Double click this icon to start the programme. </p>
  <p><b>Configure your BTS</b></p>
  <p>After the initial BTS start, a few settings have to be made. In the Menu bar click on
   "Preferences / Preferences" and expand the "Berlin Text System General" entry by clicking on the
   triangle symbol on the left.</p>
  <p>
   <ol id="ol_jjj_r5j_2s">
    <li><u>Active Corpora</u><p>Choose the "Corpus Settings" option from the expanded menu and add
      the available corpora to the list of the "Active Corpora", selecting all corpora you are going
      to work with. </p></li>
    <li><u>Main working corpus</u><p>The check box "Activate to select main working text corpus" is
      deactivated by default. After selecting this option all new objects will be saved in the "Main
      working corpus". For instance, if you mark "bbawbriefe" as the main working corpus, all new
      objects or texts will be physically located in it, even if you are currently working in e.g.
      "bbawtotenlit". So pay attention to the location of your new entry and activate this feature
      only if you feel confident that you need it. </p></li>
    <li><u>Sort by sort key</u><p>Expand "Corpus Settings". Click "Corpus Navigator Settings" and
      activate the check box "Corpus Navigator sort by sort key" if it is not activated (It should
      be by default). Press "Apply" to save the setting. Repeat the same for "Lemma Navigator
      Settings" and "Thesaurus Navigator Settings". </p><p><u>NOTE</u>: By default all objects on
      the same level have "0" as a sort key and are thus sorted alphabetically. Defining a "SortKey"
      in the Passport data of the object will change its position relevant to other objects "0"
      being on top. </p></li>
    <li>
     <u>Text Editor settings</u><p>Expand the "Text Editor" entry and select the "Sign Text Editor".
      Activating "Show Hieroglyphs", "Show Lemma ID", "Show
      <?oxy_custom_start type="oxy_content_highlight" color="255,255,0"?>Flexion=Inflection<?oxy_custom_end?>"
      and "Show Translation" are recommended as the initial settings. This is, however, not required
      and you can change your preferences any time.</p></li>
    <li><u>Applying the changes</u><p>Press "Apply" after each change in order to save it and close
      the "preferences" window by clicking "OK".</p><p>To be able to use BTS one final step has to
      be made: the installation of the special keyboard layout which will be used for text
      transliteration. </p></li>
   </ol>
  </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
