<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_kw2_xwf_yr">
 <title>Object</title>
 <conbody>
    <p>This tab is specific for an object, it does not appear when you are working on a text.</p>
    <p>This tab is divided into three parts: "Description of Object", "Technical Details",
      "Archaeological and Cultural Context of Object".</p>
    <p>Each of these parts has a "Comment" filed, where explanatory information can be entered (ex.
      in case the type of an object is undefined) </p>
    <p><b>Description of Object</b></p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_pln_fx2_cv">
        <li>Type of Object: Choose the type of your object (e.g. Schriftrolle for a scroll: entry
          21- Objekttyp). Select "unbekannt" or "unbestimmt" if it is not known or nor defined.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_yhm_3x2_cv">
        <li>Object is component: Use this option if your object is a part of an other object. E.g.
          if you have a "lid" which is a part of a "coffin".</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_qlb_jx2_cv">
        <li>Owner</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_a4q_jx2_cv">
        <li>Description</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_k3g_kx2_cv">
        <li>Comment: Allows you to write your own comment on the object.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>There are also four check boxes available: Model, Imitation, Miniature, Skeuomorph. Select if
      any of them apply to your object.</p>
    <p><b>Technical Details</b></p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_v4g_mx2_cv">
        <li>Material: Choose a material your object is made of from the Thesaurus.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_l3x_mx2_cv">
        <li>Dimensions: Enter the size of your object (hight, width and length) into the input
          fields.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_vrg_px2_cv">
        <li>Condition: Choose a condition of your object.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_v2m_qx2_cv">
        <li>Technique: Choose a technique your object has been worked in from the drop-down menu. In
          case it is not defined select "unbestimmt".</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_qyq_rx2_cv">
        <li>Comment: Add a comment of your object's technical details.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p><b>Archaeological and Cultural Context of Object</b></p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_grb_tx2_cv">
        <li>Grouping: Choose an option from a drop-down menu.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_lvt_tx2_cv">
        <li>Cultural Context: Choose a context of your object form the Thesaurus.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_lwz_vx2_cv">
        <li>Comment: Add a comment on the cultural context of your object.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
