<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_qkz_rqd_4r">
 <title>Edit</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>The Edit drop-down menu contains the following entries:</p>
  <p><b>Edit</b></p>
  <p><i>we do not know what this means - remove from BTS or clarify</i></p>
  <p><b>Edit current Project</b></p>
  <p>If you click on the "Edit current Project", a window comes up, where you can edit the current
   project's name and description.</p>
  <p>The Button "Next >" leads to the "Project Connection Settings" window. Here you can enter your
   connection type (BTS uses "couchdb"), "Server URL" and the Database Path.</p>
  <p>Clicking on "Next >" will display a window with options to select additional features, such as
   corpus data, thesaurus data, word list data and abstract text. Select the relevant check boxes
   and click "Next". </p>
  <p>In the "Project Database Collection" window you can add the existing databases to the new
   project. You can edit the name of the collection by clicking the "Edit" button. </p>
  <p>Confirm the changes made to your project with "Finish". To go to the previous window you can
   always click "&lt;Back". Cancel all the changes with the "Cancel" button.</p>
  <p><b>Edit Updaters/Readers</b></p>
  <p>This option allows you to set user status for the currently selected database object (corpus,
   text, lemma, thesaurus entry etc.). See also <xref href="user_roles.dita#topic_yqt_fpq_zs">User
    roles description</xref>.</p>
  <p>On the left side of the Edit Updaters/Readers window click on a Reader or Updater status. </p>
  <p>NOTE<?oxy_custom_start type="oxy_content_highlight" color="255,255,0"?>: Clicking anywhere in
   this window will make it disappear, but it reappears at the next click. <?oxy_custom_end?>check
   new version</p>
  <p>Currently two user statuses are offered: Readers and Updaters. Select the user or user group
   from the drop-down menus, appearing on the right side of the window. Click on Assign role to user
   or Assign role to whole user group to assign a user / user group to a role. The selected user /
   user group will then appear under the relevant status on the left. </p>
  <p>Click "Save and Close" to save your changes. </p>
  <p><b>Open Conflict Dialog</b></p>
  <p><i>we do not know what this means - remove from BTS or clarify</i></p>
  <p>
   <b>Open Revision History</b></p>
  <p>Having selected a node ( an entry in the navigation tree ) in the Corpus Navigator, clicking
   this option will open a "Revision History" window. Two display fields under "Select Master
   Version" and "Select Compare Version" allow you to compare the changes you made to the object.
   The master (current) version is shown on the left, the auto-saved versions ("revisions") appear
   on the right. You can navigate between the tabs "Passport Editor" and "Egyptian Text Editor" to
   see the changes made in the respective areas. </p>
  <p>If you want to return to a certain version of the text, right-click on the revision and
   select "Replace current with selected revision". </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
