<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_vfb_sw2_yr">
 <title>Database Manager</title>
 <conbody>
  <p><b>Open Database Manager</b></p>
  <p>The "Database manager" window in "Preferences" displays all available database collections.
   Each database collection is reflected by a line in the table. The number of documents per
   collection is shown in the column "DB Doc Count". </p>
  <p><b>Indexing</b></p>
  <p>Indexing is a process, which enabels the search in the database, as the query is not done in
   the database itself (which would take time), but in the document indexes. The status of a corpus'
   indexing process is indicated by the background colour of its line in the "Database Manager".
   Each line can have one of three background colours. Green means that everything is indexed
   properly. Yellow and red indicate that in this corpus ia problem had occurred. The column "Index
   Doc Count" shows the number of the already indexed documents in this corpus. Additionally, the
   Status of the corpus will be displayed in the "Status" column (OK- green, ERROR- red or
   INDEXING...- yellow). The "% indexed" column shows the percentage of the indexing process.</p>
  <p><b>Re-Indexing</b></p>
  <p>Re-indexing may take a while. The more databases you have to re-index, the longer it will take.
   During this process you will not be able to use BTS.</p>
  <p>Re-indexing has three options: </p>
  <p>- Re-index all</p>
  <p>- Re-index all non-OK </p>
  <p>- Re-index individual DB collection. </p>
  <p>To re-index individual collections, select them by left-click, scroll to the right of the table
   and click on Re-index. </p>
  <p><b>Close</b></p>
  <p>Leave the "Database Manager" window by clicking the Close button in the lower right corner. </p>
  <p/>
  <p>NOTE: To work with BTS all databases should be indexed correctly. Thus always re-index those
   databases which are marked either yellow or red.</p>
  <p>NOTE: The items "_recplicator" and "_uses" cannot be indexed and thus always are marked in red.
   You do not have to re-index these items.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
