<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_ymm_ddc_lx">
  <title>BTS Troubleshooting</title>
  <body>
    <p>The following list offers solutions for the most common problems. If the solutions do not
      solve your individual problem or you experience problems that should be listed here, please
      contact the BTS team: aegypt1@bbaw.de</p>
    <p/>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_udn_42c_lx">
        <li><b>BTS pauses during start-up</b><p>Problem: BTS gets stuck during start-up if it cannot
            get a connection to the server. This might be due to down time on the server.
            </p><p>Solution: Disconnect your internet connection and restart BTS. Without an
            internet connection, BTS will start in offline mode and will not try to access the
            server.</p></li>
      </ul>
      <ul id="ul_cwx_q2c_lx">
        <li><b>All windows and tabs have disappeared</b><p>Problem: All windows and tabs have
            disappeared and an empty frame remains on the screen. This happens after you drag the
            last window or tab out of the BTS program window. </p><p>Solution: Restart BTS to
            restore all windows and tabs.</p></li>
      </ul>
      <ul id="ul_hnz_q2c_lx">
        <li><b>BTS icons are to small</b><p>Problem: On Windows 8.1 and Windows 10 systems the icons
            are smaller than on previous systems. </p><p>Solution: Start BTS in
          Windows-XP-mode.</p></li>
      </ul>
      <ul id="ul_cw1_r2c_lx">
        <li><b>A recently created Text Corpus Object/Text is not visible</b><p>Problem: A TCObject
            or a text you have previously created or edited is not visible. </p><p>Solution: Right
            mouse-click on the object and select "Refresh selected node". Alternatively, objects may
            not be displayed if the corpus is not indexed properly. Re-index the respective
            corpus.</p></li>
        <li><b>My recently created database object has a different save location to its position in
            the Navigator Tree</b><p>Problem: The location in square brackets at the end of the
            database object’s name does not match its position in the Tree.</p><p>Solution: The
            physical save location of a database object will be your main working corpus at the time
            of the database object’s creation; you can choose your main working corpus in
            Preferences (see chapters <xref href="ui_preferences2.dita"/> and <xref
              href="howto_create_corpusobject.dita"/>.</p></li>
        <li><b>I cannot see or edit a database object which I should be able to.</b><p>Solution: You
            may not have been ascribed the correct user role, and/or Updater/Researcher status,
            and/or the database object may not have the correct visibility status. All of these user
            restrictions work independently, and it only takes one to restrict your access
            irrespective of the others (see chapter <xref href="user_roles.dita"/>).</p></li>
      </ul>
      <ul id="ul_s1c_r2c_lx">
        <li><b>Annotation is not visible</b><p>Problem: An annotation you have just added is not
            visible anymore. </p><p>Solution: This can happen when the corpus is not indexed
            properly. Re-index the respective corpus.</p></li>
      </ul>
      <ul id="ul_tcd_bvq_sx">
        <li><b>"Text Corpus Navigator" displays no icons / icons cannot be opened</b><p>Problem:
            After BTS opens there are no brown and black icons in the Navigator tree, or they are
            visible but cannot be opened. This can often happen if you have had to re-index the
            databases more than once during start-up.</p><p>Solution: Something went wrong during
            the start-up process. Please restart BTS.</p></li>
      </ul>
      <ul id="ul_by2_bvq_sx">
        <li><b>My translation has not been saved</b><p>Problem: A translation entered in the
            Translation field of the Text Editor is not visible.</p><p>Solution 1: The sentence was
            not active when the translation was entered. Activation is shown by flags and a yellow
            underline of the sentence (see: <xref href="howto_translation.dita"/>).</p><p>Solution
            2: Make sure that the correct translation language has been selected. You might have
            saved e.g. your English translation in the German (de) field.</p><p>Solution 3:
            Translations can be lost if you change the borders of the sentences, e.g. if you combine
            two sentences into one (see <xref href="howto_transliteration.dita"/>).</p></li>
      </ul>
      <ul id="ul_rrf_ryq_sx">
        <li><b>The lemmatizer does not offer any options</b><p>Problem: The lemmatizer remains blank
            and does not offer any options for the token.</p><p>Solution 1: Make sure that the
            lemmatizer is active (i.e. the "Activate" button is blue in colour).</p><p>Solution 2:
            The word list may not have been indexed properly. Re-index the word list.</p></li>
      </ul>
      <ul id="ul_vng_bvq_sx">
        <li><b>I cannot find a specific word in the lemma list</b><p>Problem: During lemmatization
            the lemmatizer does not offer the correct option for a specific token, despite entering
            different transliterations for that token.</p><p>Solution 1: The word list may not have
            been indexed properly. Re-index the word list.</p><p>Solution 2: The lemma may not exist
            in the word list. Please contact the BTS team.</p><p/></li>
      </ul>
    </p>
  </body>
</topic>
