<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_v4v_ttn_y5">
  <title>Berlin Text System General</title>
  <body>
    <p>Expanding the "Berlin Text System General" will show the following: </p>
    <p><b>Abstract Text Settings</b></p>
    <p>Abstract Texts are currently not available. Once they are implemented, you can set your
      personal settings here.</p>
    <p><b>Configuration</b></p>
    <p>The only option currently available is "Altägyptisches Wörterbuch (AAEW) (10)". Click "Apply"
      to use this configuration or "Restore Default" to go back to the default configuration; in
      each case the choice is the same. </p>
    <p><b>Corpus Settings</b></p>
    <p>Here you can choose the corpora you are going to be working with. Every corpus that does not
      appear in the active corpora list on the right will not be accessed by BTS (this includes
      displaying it in the Navigator Tree and including it in search queries). To activate a corpus,
      select it in the list on the left and click "Add"; to remove the corpus from your working
      list, select it and click "Remove". "Add all"/"Remove all" will add or remove all available
      corpora to or from your active corpora list. </p>
    <p>The check-box "Activate to select main working corpus" has a specific function. If it is
      activated, all new database objects created in the "Corpus Navigator" window will be
      physically saved in the selected corpus. For example, in the Corpus Navigator you have
      selected Corpus 2, but your main working corpus is Corpus 1. The new database object will be
        <i>physically</i> saved in Corpus 1, even though in the Corpus Navigator it is displayed as
      a part of Corpus 2. This is because the Navigator Tree shows the relationships between
      database objects, which is separate from their physical save location.</p>
    <p><b>Corpus Navigator Settings </b></p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_ndc_wl2_vt">
        <li>Check box "Corpus Navigator sort by sort key". By default, all objects on the same level
          have "0" as a sort key and are thus sorted alphabetically. Defining a SortKey in the
          Passport data of the object will change its position in relation to other objects, with
          "0" at the top. See Passport Editor, chapter <xref href="ui_maintab.dita"/>.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_egq_wl2_vt">
        <li>"Default Visibility" applies to all newly created database objects. It defines the
          Visibility Status a corpus will receive by default when it is created. See also chapter
            <xref href="user_roles.dita"/>.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_fdd_xl2_vt">
        <li>"Default Review State" applies to all newly created database objects. As with "Default
          Visibility", this defines the Review State a corpus will receive by default when it is
          created.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p><b>Lemma List Settings </b>
    </p>
    <p>Here you can choose your main working lemma list (from a project); all new lemmata will be
      saved in this project. You can currently choose between "Altägyptisches Wörterbuch BBAW" and
      "Demotic". If you select both, the combined lemma list will be displayed in "Lemma Navigator".
      If you work with texts in Demotic script, please select "Demotic" as your main working lemma
      list; otherwise, select "Altägyptisches Wörterbuch BBAW".</p>
    <p><b>Lemma Navigator Settings</b></p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_gvc_vl2_vt">
        <li>Check box "Lemma Navigator sort by sort key". By default all objects on the same level
          have "0" as a sort key and are thus sorted alphabetically. Defining a "SortKey" in the
          Passport data of the object will change its position in relation to other objects, with
          "0" at the top. </li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_uy3_vl2_vt">
        <li>"Default Visibility" applies to all newly created database objects. It defines the
          Visibility Status a lemma will receive by default when it is created. See also chapter
            <xref href="user_roles.dita"/>.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_ylp_vl2_vt">
        <li>"Default Review State" applies to all newly created database objects. As with "Default
          Visibility", this defines the Review State a lemma will receive by default when it is
          created.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>NOTE: "Default Visibility" and "Default Review State" apply to all newly created database
      objects, including annotations, rubra, comments etc. A change to a parent-element will not
      transfer to any of its children, which means if e.g. your Default Visibility is "reader", you
      have to manually change all TCObjects, Texts, annotations, rubra etc. to "public" once you
      want to publish your text in the TLA.</p>
    <p><b>Lemmatizer</b>
    </p>
    <p>The Lemmatizer allows you to set a default inflection (the program's default inflection is
      "3") and activate the check box "Automatically select first lemma proposal"; the latter
      feature allows you to navigate through the proposed lemmata via the arrow keys of your
      keyboard. For more information on grammatical rules see <xref href="grammar_rules.dita"/>.</p>
    <p><b>Project settings</b>
    </p>
    <p>Here you can choose your main working project from the drop-down menu. The field below gives
      you an option to select further projects from which you want to load and read data. In the box
      on the left is a list of available projects; clicking on one will give you an option to add it
      to the "Projects to be downloaded" on the right; clicking on "Apply" below will download the
      project. Between the two fields you also have an option to remove the project from the right
      field, to "Add All" from available to "Projects to be downloaded", and "Remove All" from
      "Projects to be downloaded" to "Available Projects". Next to the "Apply" button there is also
      a button that will restore the default settings, called "Restore Default".</p>
    <p><b>Remember me</b></p>
    <p>Select the check box "Remember my login credentials on startup" to be logged in automatically
      when starting BTS. To deactivate this function unselect the check box.</p>
    <p><b>Text Editor</b></p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_nwm_zl2_vt">
        <li>"Activate mouse-over pop-ups with information on lemmata" will display the lemmatization
          information about the selected lemma in the Text editor upon mouse-over.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_ewz_zl2_vt">
        <li>"Show line number ruler on left side". This check box activates the line numbering
          (according to the BTS window) in the <xref
            href="ui_texteditor_e10.dita#concept_f4v_hqm_mr">Text editor</xref>. </li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p><b>Sign Text Editor </b></p>
    <p>Allows you to choose which elements are displayed in the lemma-boxes inside the Sign Text
      Editor. Additionally, the line width can be adjusted by changing the number in the "Line width
      in pixel" field (this function is currently unavailable).</p>
    <p>The applied changes will be visible once the "Sign Text Editor" tab has been refreshed. </p>
    <p><b>Thesaurus Settings</b>
    </p>
    <p>Here you can choose your main working thesaurus (from a project). All new thesaurus entries
      will be saved there. There is currently only one working thesaurus available: "Altägyptisches
      Wörterbuch BBAW".</p>
    <p><b>Thesaurus Navigator Settings</b></p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_dn2_bm2_vt">
        <li>Check box "Ths Navigator sort by sort key". By default all database objects on the same
          level have "0" as a sort key and are thus sorted alphabetically. Defining a "SortKey" in
          the passport data of the database object will change its position in relation to other
          database objects, with "0" at the top. </li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_ojn_bm2_vt">
        <li>"Default Visibility" applies to all newly created database objects. It defines the
          Visibility Status a thesaurus entry will receive by default when it is created.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_mfc_cm2_vt">
        <li>"Default Review State" applies to all newly created database objects. Like "Default
          Visibility", this defines the Review State which a thesaurus entry will receive when it is
          created.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p/>
    <p><b>Restore Default</b></p>
    <p>Click this button to restore the default settings.</p>
    <p><b>Apply</b></p>
    <p>Click here to confirm your changes.</p>
    <p><b>OK</b></p>
    <p>Confirms your changes and closes the window.</p>
    <p><b>Cancel</b></p>
    <p>Closes the window without saving the changes.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
