<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_gsv_15n_y5">
  <title>EgyDsl</title>
  <body>
    <p/>
    <p>In the "EgyDsl" menu entry (Dsl = Domain Specific Language) you can change the appearance of
      your BTS. This includes applying different colours and scripts as well as importing and
      editing templates.</p>
    <p/>
    <p><b>1. Syntax Coloring</b></p>
    <p>This feature does not work in the current version.</p>
    <p/>
    <p><b>2. Templates</b></p>
    <p>This window offers you a functionality to create templates to make the transliteration input
      easier. For example, you can define short cuts for line counts etc. While transliterating,
      right-click a word and select "Content assist". Your template will be displayed at the end of
      the list. Double click it - it will be automatically inserted into the text. For a detailed
      description see the chapter <xref href="howto_templates.dita"/>.</p>
    <p><b>New...</b>
    </p>
    <p>Displays a pop-up window with the following options:</p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_pjs_45n_y5">
        <li>Name: Enter the name of the template (this is not the performed output that the template
          gives, only a label).</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_flq_r5n_y5">
        <li>Context: Choose the context where your template can be used. E.g. while your position in
          a text is inside a word, the Content Assist will only allow you to use templates that have
          the context "WordPart". There are only two context that you are allowed to use here:<p>
            <ul id="ul_clg_55c_lx">
              <li>SentenceItem: The template can be used inside a sentence.</li>
              <li>WordPart: The template can be used inside a word.</li>
            </ul>
          </p></li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_l1g_z5n_y5">
        <li>Automatically insert: Not functional yet.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_gf2_1vn_y5">
        <li>Description: Enter any description for your template (optional).</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_bgh_bvn_y5">
        <li>Pattern: Enter any input that you want to be performed by the template here. This means
          the input you have entered into the pattern will appear one-to-one in your text after
          clicking the template-name in the Content Assist later. You can use the button "Insert
          Variable..." to insert predefined states e.g. brackets etc.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p><b>Edit</b>
    </p>
    <p>Select an already existing template and click this option in order to edit it.</p>
    <p><b>Remove</b>
    </p>
    <p>Select an already existing template and click this option in order to remove it.</p>
    <p><b>Restore Removed</b>
    </p>
    <p>Currently not available.</p>
    <p><b>Revert to Default</b>
    </p>
    <p>Currently not available.</p>
    <p><b>Import</b>
    </p>
    <p>Click this button and browse the explorer to locate your template file (this only works if
      you have a template (.xml) file already existing). Click it and press "open" to import a
      template.</p>
    <p><b>Export</b>
    </p>
    <p>Select the template you want to export from the template list and press this button to export
      your template. Browse your explorer to the location where you want to save your export-file.
      Afterwards enter a name inside the pop-up-window and press "save".</p>
    <p/>
    <p><b>Restore Default</b></p>
    <p>Click this button to delete all templates from the list.</p>
    <p><b>Apply</b></p>
    <p>Click here to confirm your changes.</p>
    <p><b>OK</b></p>
    <p>Confirms your changes and closes the window.</p>
    <p><b>Cancel</b></p>
    <p>Closes the window without saving the changes.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
