<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_ih3_blv_bt">
  <title>Admin</title>
  <body>
    <p>This status of an administrator applies only to a specific corpus (not the entire BTS!).
      Administrators may edit or delete all objects in a given corpus, even if no special status for
      specific objects was assigned to them. </p>
    <p><b>Rights</b></p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_bky_44v_bt">
        <li>Can manage and control any user role within a corpus where she or he is assigned. (Not
          available at the moment.)</li>
        <li>Can edit all items in a given corpus, regardless of their visibility status.</li>
        <li>Can add or remove database objects within a corpus. Deleted items can be found in the
          bin where he can choose to delete them permanently.</li>
        <li>Can assign a status of an Updater or Reader to other users who have access to a given
          corpus.</li>
        <li>In the case of an Admin, a status as an Updater/Reader is irrelevant, since the user
          role takes precedence and automatically gives the Admin rights to edit database
          items.</li>
        <li>Can alter the visibility of individual database objects in the Passport Editor (Main
          Tab).</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p><b>Limitations</b></p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_okz_zlv_bt">
        <li>This Admin user role applies only to particular corpora where a user has been made admin
          by Super Admin.</li>
        <li>Cannot edit the passport data or name of an entire corpus if the corpus was created by
          somebody else, she or he has right only for individual items within the corpus. Even if an
          entire corpus is marked as "public", the Admin user will still have a status of a guest
          when selecting the corpus.</li>
        <li>Cannot create new corpora within a project.</li>
        <li>Lemma view: can view Lemma entries but not edit them or add new ones.</li>
        <li>Thesaurus view: can view the Thesaurus entries but not edit them or add new ones.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
  </body>
</topic>
