<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_yqt_fpq_zs">
  <title>User roles description</title>
  <body>
    <p>Users can have one of five different user roles which apply only to particular corpora: <xref
        href="UserRoles_Admin.dita#topic_ih3_blv_bt">Admin</xref> (not the BTS Administrator!),
        <xref href="UserRoles_Editor.dita#topic_mvz_rmv_bt">Editor</xref>, <xref
        href="UserRoles_Researcher.dita#topic_atn_xnv_bt">Researcher</xref>, <xref
        href="UserRoles_Transcriber.dita#topic_k1v_znv_bt">Transcriber</xref> or <xref
        href="UserRoles_Guest.dita#topic_bvq_b4v_bt">Guest</xref>.</p>
    <p>Additionally, within the above user roles, a status of a Reader or an Updater can be assigned
      to a particular user for specific database objects. For instance a Researcher with status of
      an Updater can edit all items in a given corpus, but when his or her status is changed to
      Reader he or she can only view the items. Updater and Reader status of specific items within a
      corpus may be assigned to a user by an <xref href="UserRoles_Admin.dita#topic_ih3_blv_bt"
        >Admin</xref> or an <xref href="UserRoles_Editor.dita#topic_mvz_rmv_bt">Editor</xref> (Also
      apparently a <xref href="UserRoles_Researcher.dita#topic_atn_xnv_bt">Researcher</xref> who
      already has an Updater status) of a given corpus. This is done by right-clicking on a database
      object, selecting an option "Edit Updaters/Readers" and assigning a user to a user role
      through the menu on the right.</p>
    <p><u>NOTE</u>: A Reader/Updater status for an entire corpus is not effective for individual
      items within a corpus. I.e. such a status has to be assigned for users for every database
      object where a user should have editing rights.</p>
    <p>Specific user roles and rights may also vary for different database objects in a corpus,
      according to their visibility status which can be set in the Main Tab of the Passport Editor.
      The visibility status options are: Public, Reader, Group, Project and All Authenticated.
      Depending on the visibility status of an item, it may only be available for viewing or editing
      for users with particular rights. More on visibility status with each user role will be
      described below.</p>
    <p>One user can have varying user roles in different corpora (but just one user role per
      corpus). E.g. a user can be an <xref href="UserRoles_Editor.dita#topic_mvz_rmv_bt"
        >Editor</xref> in the corpus <i>"bbawamarna"</i>, but only a <xref
        href="UserRoles_Transcriber.dita#topic_k1v_znv_bt">Transcriber</xref> in the corpus
        <i>"bbawbriefe"</i>.</p>
    <p><u>NOTE</u>: a user role is only valid in the corpora, where it was assigned to the user by
      BTS Administrator. For all other corpora, Thesaurus- and Lemma view, a user will immediately
      assume the role of a <xref href="UserRoles_Guest.dita#topic_bvq_b4v_bt">Guest</xref>.</p>
    <p><b>Toolbar</b>
    </p>
    <p>Following Toolbar options are available for every user:</p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_lzg_jpm_ft">
        <li>All the options in the Window drop-down menu (visual settings).</li>
        <li>Database Manager can be accessed.</li>
        <li>Own Preferences can be adjusted (see <xref
            href="oberflaeche_preferences2.dita#concept_trz_tw2_yr">Preferences</xref> section for
          more detail).</li>
        <li>Users can change their own passwords.</li>
        <li>All the options in the Help drop-down menu are also available.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <?oxy_custom_start type="oxy_content_highlight" color="255,198,140"?>
    <p>Für alle ist offensichtlich die "New project" funktion verfügbar. Kann man eigenes Project
      lokal herstellen?</p>
    <?oxy_custom_end?>
    <p><?oxy_custom_start type="oxy_content_highlight" color="255,198,140"?>All can add new root and
      child entries in the Thesaurus und Lemma view???
      <?oxy_custom_end?><?oxy_custom_start type="oxy_content_highlight" color="255,64,0"?>Cannot
      rename or edit new Thesaurus entries, so it's just actions in the Thesaurus
      Navigator.ERROR<?oxy_custom_end?></p>
    <p><?oxy_custom_start type="oxy_content_highlight" color="255,198,140"?>Editing a lemma: users
      able to enter/change transliteration and translation of a lemma, but not its passport data,
      lemmatizer or
      Hieroglyphs.<?oxy_custom_end?><?oxy_custom_start type="oxy_content_highlight" color="255,64,0"?>ERROR?<?oxy_custom_end?></p>
  </body>
</topic>
