<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_mvz_rmv_bt">
  <title>Editor</title>
  <body>
    <p>Editors may review and correct database objects owned by other users even if no specific
      rights for the database object were granted to them, allowing them to review and edit the
      data.</p>
    <p><b>Rights</b></p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_v25_l4v_bt">
        <li>Can edit all items in a database, i.e. a corpus, a lemma list, or the thesaurus
          database, where they have been assigned editor rights.</li>
        <li>Can add or remove database objects within a corpus.</li>
        <li>Can assign the Updater or Reader status to other users, but only for individual database
          objects.</li>
        <li>Can technically change their own status as a Reader or an Updater. This is irrelevant
          however, because the user role "Editor" takes precedence (as in the case of the
            Admin).<p>NOTE: These rights apply only for database objects with visibility "project",
            "public", or "all authenticated". In all other instances, the editor has only access to
            the database objects if they have been assigned the Updater or Reader status.</p></li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p><b>Limitations</b></p>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_lwp_n4v_bt">
        <li>In cases where the corpus was created by someone else, editors can modify individual
          database objects, but are attributed a guest role for the corpus itself (i.e. they cannot
          edit the corpus passport data, or assign Updaters/Readers for an entire corpus). </li>
        <li>The editor cannot create new corpora within a project.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
  </body>
</topic>
