<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><?workdir /C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\temp\pdf\oxygen_dita_temp?><?workdir-uri file:/C:/Users/boehme/Documents/GitHub/BTS-Manual/temp/pdf/oxygen_dita_temp/?><?path2project?><?path2project-uri ./?><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="topic_h3p_xtn_kx" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" domains="(topic hi-d)                             (topic ut-d)                             (topic indexing-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            (topic pr-d)                             (topic sw-d)                            (topic ui-d)    " class="- topic/topic " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_project.dita" xtrc="topic:1;3:30">
  <title class="- topic/title " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_project.dita" xtrc="title:1;4:10">Creating / Editing a project</title>
  <body class="- topic/body " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_project.dita" xtrc="body:1;5:9">
    <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_project.dita" xtrc="p:1;6:8">This menu item is only available to users with administrator privileges.</p>
    <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_project.dita" xtrc="p:2;7:8"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_project.dita" xtrc="b:1;7:11">Creating Project</b></p>
    <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_project.dita" xtrc="p:3;8:8">Select File &gt; New &gt; New Project in the menu bar. Selecting New Project will open the Edit
      project name window. To create a new project, enter Project name, Project prefix and a
      Description (optional). Project prefix is the internal name of the project, under which it
      will be saved in the database. </p>
    <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_project.dita" xtrc="p:4;12:8">NOTE: Do not use special characters, spaces, or capital letters in the Project prefix. If you
      have entered invalid characters, the input field will turn red and the buttons "Next" and
      "Finish" will be inactive. </p>
    <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_project.dita" xtrc="p:5;15:8">NOTE: It is recommended not to click Finish button until the last configuration window is
      displayed.</p>
    <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_project.dita" xtrc="p:6;17:8">The button "Next &gt;" leads to the "Project Connection Settings" window. Here you can enter the
      Connection Type, Server URL and the Database Path. The standard connection type used by BTS is
      "couchdb". The Server URL includes the URL and port number and currently is
      "http://aaew64.bbaw.de:9589/". DB Path is left empty. </p>
    <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_project.dita" xtrc="p:7;21:8">Clicking on the "Next &gt;" button again will display a Project Feature window to select among
      the features Corpus Data, Thesaurus Data, Wordlist Data, and Abtract Texts Data. We recommend
      to select all the check-boxes. </p>
    <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_project.dita" xtrc="p:8;24:8">A further click on "Next &gt;" leads to the Project Database Collection window, in which the
      newly created databases can be added or the existing ones edited. Editing includes changing
      the database name or activating / deactivating synchronizing and indexing check-boxes. </p>
    <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_project.dita" xtrc="p:9;27:8">Confirm the creation of your project with the "Finish" button. To change or view information
      in the previous windows you can always click "&lt; Back". Cancel the creation of the new
      project with "Cancel". The project properties can always be modified later through the "Edit
      current project" menu.</p>
    <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_project.dita" xtrc="p:10;31:8"><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_project.dita" xtrc="b:2;31:11">Editing a project</b></p>
    <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_project.dita" xtrc="p:11;32:8">Select Edit &gt; Edit New Project in the menu bar. If you click on the "Edit current Project", a
      window comes up, where you can edit the current project's name and description.</p>
    <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_project.dita" xtrc="p:12;34:8">The Button "Next &gt;" leads to the "Project Connection Settings" window. Here you can enter
      your connection type (BTS uses "couchdb"), "Server URL" and the Database Path.</p>
    <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_project.dita" xtrc="p:13;36:8">Clicking on "Next &gt;" will display a window with options to select additional features (Corpus
      Data, Thesaurus Data, Wordlist Data, Abtract Texts Data). Select the relevant check boxes and
      click "Next &gt;". </p>
    <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_project.dita" xtrc="p:14;39:8">In the "Project Database Collection" window you can add the existing databases to the new
      project. You can edit the name of the collection by clicking the "Edit" button. </p>
    <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_project.dita" xtrc="p:15;41:8">Confirm the changes made to your project with "Finish". To go to the previous window you can
      always click "&lt; Back". Cancel all the changes with the "Cancel" button.</p>
  </body>
</topic>