<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><?workdir /C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\temp\pdf\oxygen_dita_temp?><?workdir-uri file:/C:/Users/boehme/Documents/GitHub/BTS-Manual/temp/pdf/oxygen_dita_temp/?><?path2project?><?path2project-uri ./?><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="topic_k3c_35y_qt" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" domains="(topic hi-d)                             (topic ut-d)                             (topic indexing-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            (topic pr-d)                             (topic sw-d)                            (topic ui-d)    " class="- topic/topic " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_edittext2.dita" xtrc="topic:1;3:30">
  <title class="- topic/title " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_edittext2.dita" xtrc="title:1;4:10">Editing a text</title>
  <body class="- topic/body " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_edittext2.dita" xtrc="body:1;5:9">
    <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_edittext2.dita" xtrc="p:1;6:8">The process of editing a text begins with entering the transliteration in the Text Editor
      Transliteration field. However, in order to enter a transliteration, you first need to <xref href="intro_install_keyboard.dita" class="- topic/xref " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_edittext2.dita" xtrc="xref:1;8:44" type="topic"><?ditaot usertext?> install and configure the keyboard</xref> provided by
      the BBAW. </p>
    <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_edittext2.dita" xtrc="p:2;10:8">One of the most important steps in the text editing process is lemmatizing each word of your
      transliterated text. Lemmatization is a lexical annotation of each word reardless of its
      inflected forms. In a semi automatic process each word is linked with a lemma entry in the
      integrated lemma list and takes over simultaneously all lexical properties of the lemma entry
      like (POS-label, base translation(s), bibliographical references).</p>
    <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_edittext2.dita" xtrc="p:3;15:8">Furthermore the editing process involves entering a translation in either German, English,
      French, Spanish, or Russian, entering hieroglyphic writings of each text word and assigning
        <xref href="grammar_inflection.dita#concept_zjw_dsx_nt" class="- topic/xref " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_edittext2.dita" xtrc="xref:2;17:65" type="concept"><?ditaot usertext?>inflection codes<?ditaot genshortdesc?><desc class="- topic/desc "/></xref> to the
      lemma. You are enabled to mark rubra and to add comments to the transliteration whenever you
      wish. The following order of editing is not compulsory. It is only supposed to help you with
      particular functions of the BTS. It is up to you to decide the order of the text editing.</p>
    <p class="- topic/p " xtrf="C:\Users\boehme\Documents\GitHub\BTS-Manual\howto_edittext2.dita" xtrc="p:4;21:8">NOTE: You can only enter translation, lemmatization, annotations, and hieroglyphs after you
      have typed the transliteration.</p>
  </body>
</topic>